{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Garamond;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri720\sl480\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 She wore a mask, so the other children called her Faceless.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl480\slmult1
\cf0 	Her surroundings closed in around her, rearing up to catch her arms and legs as she stumbled blindly ahead. 
\i Misfortune, misfortune
\i0 , they cried, leering, 
\i you are nothing but misfortune
\i0 . A stray branch struck her mask and tore across her ear, whispering maliciously as it receded into darkness. Voices called behind her; maybe it was around her, or inside her head. 
\i Keep going, keep going, and don\'92t come back. You are nothing but misfortune
\i0 .\
	It had been foolish of her, wanting to go out in daylight, because the children were always waiting. Parents had forbidden them from interacting with her, but they found ways to evade their parents\'92 watchful eyes, like snakes waiting for the opportune moment to strike. They had caught her, pinned her down, prying the crudely carved wooden slab off her face. That evening, a flash flood had swept down the nearby stream as they were collecting water, leaving only scraps of clothing hanging on protruding branches. The morning after, she had been greeted at knife-tip.\
	
\i Kill the child of misfortune
\i0 , the villagers had cried. 
\i Only then will we be free of her curse.
\i0 \
	When the echoes and jeers faded into silence, she found herself face down in damp sand. Gingerly, she pushed herself upright and looked around, acutely aware of thin scabs cracking with every movement. In front of her, spindly natural ramps crawled up a cliff wall and disappeared into sparse grass. Further down was a cavern carved into the cliffside. A narrow beach parallel to the cliff stretched toward the horizon, caressed by gentle waves. Overhead, clouds began to gather, casting seawater into murky darkness. A single drop of water disappeared into the sand by her knees. \
}